CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please answer each of the following questions to the best of your knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?
    Martial Arts-Registration
2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?
    I would like to write a program for a martial arts institute that teaches a variety of martial arts. and I want this program helps to registrate and organice the students information, such as their personal information, their specific martial arts, their level in that martial arts if it correspond, their time they have practicing it, the days and hour when day practice, and a registration of the payments. 
3. What will you learn from developing this program?
    there are a lot things I will learn, like how to work with a csv file that changes every day and that have a lot of information to work with, I will learn to create my owns functions and test-functions 
4. What Python modules will your program use?
    csv,datetime,math,pytest,requests.
    (Some examples are: csv, datetime, functools, matplotlib, math,
    pandas, pytest, random, requests, and tkinter.)

5. Will you separate your Python program into functions that each
perform a single task?
    yes it will be the best way to complete this assignment, and also to be able to test it without problem.
    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)

6. Will you write test functions to test at least two of your program
functions?
    yes, I will probably need to write more functions for each martial art, because they have different teachers that will need that information.
